Add in-person donation doc (#232)
NixOS/foundation: in-person-donations.md

3. You will be offered to get a digital receipt as confirmation, you can check that the address matches the one in the [impressum](./impressum.md).

### Can I donate cash?

We do not accept cash directly, but you may be able to find somebody willing to accept your cash and make the donation for you instead.

### What do I get in return?

Other than a receipt and our gratitude, we sometimes also have a limited number of donation perks that are given out for donations of a certain amount, such as necklaces, pins, key-chains, shirts or others.
The representative will inform you of that.

## For representatives

### How to become a representative

You can become a foundation representative yourself if you're a well-known and trusted community member. To nominate yourself:
- Make a PR against this repo to add yourself to the above list of representatives.
  Make sure to include a picture so people know who to look for!
- If approved, a foundation board member will reach out to you for the next steps.

### How to present yourself at events

> At your booth, make sure to have the following:
> - A NixOS logo from the branding page: https://nixos.org/branding/
> - A link to this page (best as a QR code)
>   <!-- TODO: Set up a link shortening service for nixos.org -->
> - The handles of the representatives at the event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your booth, the foundation provides you with the following:
- A table display with the NixOS logo and a link to this page (best as a QR code)
  <!-- TODO: Set up a link shortening service for nixos.org -->
- A way to add the handles of the representatives at the event onto/into the table display (empty field to fill, empty sticker to write on or similar)
- A sum up device (if required, see section below)

These will be shipped by the foundation to an address of your choice.
```
Would be cool if the foundation could take care of this part.
For example with a table display like [this](https://www.flyeralarm.com/de/shop/configurator/index/id/14604/aufsteller-mit-stuetze.html) or [this](https://www.flyeralarm.com/de/p/aufsteller-klassisch-4250500.html).
